update mev page for pre-merge (#6780)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/mev/index.md

### Miner extractable value

> This concept was first applied in the context of [proof-of-work](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/), and was initially referred to as "miner extractable value". This is because in proof-of-work, miners control transaction inclusion, exclusion, and ordering. However, after the transition to proof-of-stake via [The Merge](/upgrades/merge) validators will be responsible for these roles, and mining will no longer be applicable. The value extraction methods here will still persist after this transition, and thus the term "miner extractable value" is invalidated. "Maximal extractable value" is now used as a more inclusive replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This concept was first applied in the context of [proof-of-work](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/), and was initially referred to as "miner extractable value". This is because in proof-of-work, miners control transaction inclusion, exclusion, and ordering. However, after the transition to proof-of-stake via [The Merge](/upgrades/merge) validators will be responsible for these roles, and mining will no longer be applicable. The value extraction methods here will still persist after this transition, and thus the term "miner extractable value" is not longer valid. "Maximal extractable value" is now used as a more inclusive replacement.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This concept was first applied in the context of [proof-of-work](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/), and was initially referred to as "miner extractable value". This is because in proof-of-work, miners control transaction inclusion, exclusion, and ordering. However, after the transition to proof-of-stake via [The Merge](/upgrades/merge) validators will be responsible for these roles, and mining will no longer be applicable. The value extraction methods here will still persist after this transition, and thus the term "miner extractable value" is no longer valid. "Maximal extractable value" is now used as a more inclusive replacement.
```
